
Cocky & Funny
Kino 
Keep Away

Coffee Shop...


If see a woman and you can't talk to her to get her phone number, write "call me" on the back of your card and give it to someone who can give it to her.
When you are at a loud club, you can play phone number hangman. Just pull out a business card and turn it over. Write out the spaces for the number, write the clue as "your number", and let her play. You can't lose this hangman game.

What would you do if...
you found out your car exploded
you were walking home and found $1000
you had the opportunity to drive a race car on the track

Would you rather...
marry an attractive midget, or semi-attractive person of average height
move to the beach in australia or travel to the moon for a day
go sky diving or scuba diving

How would you feel if...
you were given a mansion anywhere you wanted
the dog you thought died yesterday ran up to you today
you were blind but one day could see again


To combat these feelings we first have to understand what makes us feel this way. Well simply put, shyness and embarrasment (nervousnes as well) comes from insecurity. The more insecure somebody is the harder it is to do something publically because an insecure person automatically feels like everyone is watching them and judging them, when in reality not everyone is watching them and NONE of them are judging them, they are simply observing what they are doing. Dont refer to it as battling shyness and/or embarrasment, think of it as becoming a secure and stable person.

Okay here are some solids you can eat down to make yourself more secure.

Physical appearance
A fairly obvious one but i thought it necessary to point it out none the less. When your physical appearance increase's so does you security. Simple.

Don't strive for recognition
BIG ONE! Dont strive for people's recocgnition, this comes in so many shapes and forms it is hard for me to explain this one so bear with me. An example is when my friend the other day who is one of the best soccer players i know scored 6 goals in the state indoor finals, he always says "nah im not that good" he does that delibrately just so people go "Yeah man your the best" to feed his insecurity and make himself feel better. It's like when muscly people say "nah im not that strong" just so people tell them that they are, its so sad and insecure. It happens with girls as well when people say "Nah i dont think she likes me" even though everyone knows she does, its so sad.

Keep it to yourself
This was in my last post as well i know, but it works with both laziness and shyness. The plan is to keep your personal life PERSONAL, even if you had a threesome with the hottest identical twins on the planet dont tell a soul. Dont deny it if someone asks, just dont bring it up. If your losing weight, dont say to someone "I've lost 5kg and gotten stronger!" thats sad and your just searching for their recognition. remember: KEEP IT TO YOURSELF! but dont deny it if someone asks.

Be daring!
This will make you alot more secure, especially if you do things that will make you laugh, i have been very daring the past week and its been a ball. I have said all sorts of things to girls, approached HB's my friends said i wouldnt, i saturated the entire canteen with the fire hose including a teacher, i edited a picture of a girl at our school and made her look all funny and stuck it up all over the school, i got into the girls change rooms through the roof, and there is more. I understand going this extreme isnt for everyone, but just dare to do things you normally wouldnt. 
